# Sparklingv2


## Framework
[Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.18.

## Design Template
[`Deskapp`](https://dropways.github.io/deskapp) by [`Ankit Hingarajiya`](https://github.com/dropways) 

## Project Developer
[`Chibuchi Somto`](https://github.com/orajiakuchibuchi)

## Purpose
This is an enterprise admin app built on angular while using the best software development standard for an enterprise environment.

## Project-Centric Structure 
- dist [`Built Project Result. Only this should be deployed to the server`]
- src [`Contains all folder and files needed for development and compilation of project eg environment files, asset images, stylings, custom js including the index.html file`]
    - app [`Contains all folder and files generated by the development team for the running of the project. Eg pages, shared resources, etc`]
        - auth [`Auth Module`]
            - login [`Login Route Component`]
            - register [`Register Route Component`]
        - shared [`Shared Module`]
            - models [`Interfaces / Object Models`]
            - services [`Contains all services`]
                - auth [`Auth Services`]
    - assets [`Contains all folder and files related to public images, css, and javascript accessible and booted via the angular.json file if required`]
    - environment [`Contains all versions of env files`]
    - index.html [`Landing File of project`]
    - main.ts [`Lunching Js File (Angular Custom)`]
- server.js [`Custom Angular SSR Applciation Server built on (ExpressJS)`]

## Create A Shared Component Pattern 
- Command => `ng g c shared/components/{{component-name}} --module=shared/shared.module.ts` <!-- Where {{component-name}} is the name of the shared component to create -->

## What is a Shared Component?
- `A Shared Component is a component which its class is added to the declarations of the SharedModule(shared/shared.module.ts file)`

## Create A Page Component Pattern 
- Command => `ng g c {{page}}/{{path}}/{{component-name}} --module={{page}}/{{page}}.module.ts` 
<!-- Where {{page}} is the name of the page where component belongs to and can only be exported from-->
<!-- Where {{path}} is the name of the page relative child path where component folder will be directly created/added to -->
<!-- Where {{component-name}} is the name of the new component to create -->
<!-- Where {{page.module}} is the name of the page module where component class will be directly imported to -->

## What is a Page Component?
- `A Page Component is a component which its class is added to the declarations of either the AppModule(app.module.ts file) or any other custom module exluding the SharedModule`

## Route Pattern 
- / => `src/app`
- /auth => `src/app/auth`


## Proceedure to Lunch
- Install `node modules` npm i --legacy-peer-deps (To download node_modules )folder
- Boot or Start App
- Serve App

## Boot / Start Application in Development environement (Unwatch / Ignore changes to file)
- Run `npm run build`


## Boot / Start Application in Development environement (watch / Note changes to file)
- Run `npm run watch`


## Boot / Start Application in Production environement (Unwatch / Ignore changes to file)
- Run `npm run buildpro`


## Boot / Start Application in Production environement (watch / Note changes to file)
- Run `npm run watchpro`

## Lunch Application to Domain Port Address (Default: 5000)
- Run `npm run start` 

## Change Port
- Change the `SEC_PORT` constant in the server.js file to the available port

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
